if you were caught up in a purge how would you get
through it this time we follow multiple characters
highlight their mistakes and decide on better
tactics to survive and ultimately beat the purge
Eva her daughter Cali and grandfather rico boycott
themselves at home just like every other year
during the purge now there are multiple things
here that are very wrong that i think should and
could be avoided for instance to block the windows
with wood only is way too minimal and unprotective
that would not let me be in peace during this
horrific event i'm impressed our two characters
are so cool with it also having only one gun is a
terrible idea but later more to that to elaborate
real quick on the wood wood is inexpensive but
so is metal in reasonable quantities therefore
if i decided to stay at home during the purge i
would invest a lot into locking down my apartment
as secure as possible and so instead of using
relatively thin wood just like our ladies do i
would use mainly steel just like dr neville and i
am legend around each window i would furthermore
fix it a metal frame onto which i can solder
additional metal bars for extra security the frame
can also be reused every year because i do want
to enjoy some sunlight during the rest of the year
always remember the vitamin d guys so my point
here is using wood is not ideal as you can see
in the movie one can easily shoot through it with
common firearms you see the defense construction
should be your top priority it must be prepared
ahead of time and additionally think of solutions
if your defense should be broken
what do you do how do you re-secure
there are multiple options for that and i will
tell you my ideas for this after we talk about the
guns in the movie our two ladies only use one gun
which they don't even bother to carry with them
obviously a dumb and unnecessary mistake
you want to avoid plus having only one gun
is just not a good idea because most purgers
are seriously armed and often purge in groups
but perhaps you don't have sufficient funds for
better firearms and if that's the case then i
can't blame you for that but what else could
you use to secure or re-secure your survival
well let me introduce you to this the budget
purge survival amazon buying list for those with
limited resources aluminium baseball bats for the
swingers out there four gallons of petrol because
fire never fails to impress tactical knives your
multi-purpose friends tasers for a shocking effect
metal wire for all 007 fans out there and cheetos
because snacking is important so to sum up real
quick the big lesson here is always carry your
weapons and hide others around the apartment
you never know where someone is going to strike
from in addition to that carry close combat
weapons in case you get disarmed our ladies
would have done well if they put in a little
more thought into their defense laying traps
is also a great idea because your apartment
is your field of expertise you know it best and
that could be used as a tactical advantage the
last tip before we move on and i think is worth
to mention is not to visibly defend your home
days before the purge starts unless it's a common
thing in your neighborhood if it's not a common
thing you might end up drawing the attention to
you and might get attacked just for the sake of
proving that your defense is weak and there
you have it that is my strategy for defending
but what if you can't what if you are
forced into the middle of the purge
just like our next characters let's go and see
what we could have done instead the second pair
of characters we follow is shane and liz and
i can tell you right off the bat going on a
shopping spree two hours before the purge starts
is not a very smart idea and should be avoided
we all know stupid accidents happen
all the time and more often than not
they happen in situations it is least desired we
all had to learn this the hard way so preparation
is key in my opinion you should have completed
everything necessary by the evening before
so when you wake up you can just relax and perhaps
go over your defense once again in the movie they
are already getting targeted and their car
did get sabotaged they didn't make it home
and thus were stranded in downtown l.a the worst
possible place during the purge unfortunately we
don't get to see their home defense but
considering they went shopping so close
before the event makes me feel like they didn't
put much thought into that neither but anyway
the question here is what do you do when you are
dropped into the middle of the purge with nowhere
to go and nothing to defend yourself i have never
been to la personally but i do know if you want
to hide yourself in a situation like this you
better hide well you don't want anyone to find you
furthermore i think it's safe to assume that none
of your friends would come and pick you up it's
certainly worth a try but let's get not our hopes
up here friends especially when you're located
far off any residential neighborhoods so how
would we get out of this situation you might ask
well the first thought that i had was the kennel
system however having played the division more
than is probably healthy the canal system kind of
loses its appeal who knows what's lurking in there
after all also if you should be so unfortunate
and really encounter any purgers down there
good luck escaping the second idea that comes
to my mind is a rooftop if you can get on one
and block the entrance successfully you're going
to be very safe up there although you do need
to consider snipers from the rooftops higher up
while i love the thought of hiding on a rooftop
i think in the situation of shane and liz it is
more than just wishful thinking therefore i have
to conclude this if you are not 100% sure that
the hideout of your choice is completely safe
then you might be better off running i know that
running is a desperate attempt to beat the purge
but it still seems to be the slightly better
option compared to hiding insufficiently
and so the thing you really want to pay
attention to here is hide but if you can't
run our third protagonist is frank a regular cop
and ready for vengeance his goal kill his son's
killer now if you do want to partake in the purge
you better be ready and what i mean is get guns
lots of guns and have a plan while most hunting
teams franco is all terminator he has enough guns
for a small death squad and his vehicle is armored
a must if you go for a night ride during the purge
nevertheless he should and probably could have
placed stronger armory around the motor hub of
the car because if that one fails it's hasta
la vista baby and it does fail in the movie
but before we get to this point all of our
protagonists have to meet and team up first
frank drives spy when even liz get dragged out
of their home after what seemed to take hours
he finally decided to save them both meanwhile
shane and liz didn't find a good spot to hide
and kept running good for them only to find
frank's car unlocked very nice but frank i
mean seriously leaving your car unlocked in
the middle of the purge is where you're going
but whatever you just saved 4 innocent people in 6
minutes and 30 seconds so i can't blame you for it
good job but really that's a big no-no for you
out there close your doors but leave the window
slightly open if it's hot and leave a puppy
in it thank you let's continue as all of our
protagonists finally meet they make their way into
the unknown the car breaks down like mentioned
before and they have to leave it behind frank is
nice enough to hand each of our other protagonists
a gun and wishes them good luck now naturally
the others have no chance to survive this night
without him after all he is the only one with real
combat experience eva comes up with a genius idea
thinks she must have read dale carnegie well she
tells frank that if he takes them to her friend's
house not too far away he can have her car a
very smart move because always remember if you
want something from someone give them something
in return first and you will receive what you
seek after frank agrees and our protagonists
make their way through the city to tonya's home
six hours left until the end of this year's purge
all of our protagonists have still quite a long
way in front of them but eventually arrive at an
abandoned truck where they are able to collect
better weapons which is always a great idea inside
the truck they come across unusual high technology
especially the access to the cctv system of
the city causes them to wonder who lies behind
all of this additionally they realized that the
death squad related to this truck was the same as
the one that tried to kidnap eva and cali before
revealing a grand scale plan to purge and implying
there are more such trucks around eventually
they get spotted and have to continue their
journey to eva's friend but before we move on
there are multiple things here worthy to mention
if you need to travel long distances while the
purge is taking place there are several things
you must pay attention to first be focused and
don't talk needlessly second always be ready
to shoot third cover each other if you travel
with people and finally don't be a burden to
others all of these let's call them the golden
rules can and will save your life unfortunately
all of our characters apart from frank neglect
them and almost cause all of them to get killed
over and over again like mentioned before hiding
in underground systems is suboptimal because
once you're found you're dead besides it is safe
to assume that others would come up with the same
idea making it easy for purges to target those
areas in particular and in the movie we witnessed
just that when our characters enter the metro they
encounter multiple people seemingly homeless folks
hiding there and trying to escape death but it's
no help all of them get shot burned or driven over
once the purges enter on their way through the
subway our characters escape some sickles on a
beach buggy chasing them with malicious intent but
they do survive the attack with minor damage taken
shane gets shot and frank rips open his knee but
both are okay and all of our characters make it
to eva's friend's apartment sheesh what a ride in
it everything is just perfect at tania's apartment
full glasses stuffed plates just what you want
after escaping death so many times in just a
few hours it's a great way for our characters to
unwind and enjoy the safe and cosy environment
they use the time to treat their wounds and
have a chat which i think is a pretty good idea
when you can afford it take a break talk to
each other treat the wounded it lets you remain
efficient and motivated which is very important
if your goal still lies ahead however it doesn't
take long until the peace breaks frank finds
out that eva has lied to him about the car
and gets furious but seems to understand the
necessity behind her lie he packs his stuff and is
about to leave when the madness of the purge also
arrives at this apartment lorraine tanya's sister
shoots tanya because she cheated on her husband
she also tries to kill her husband but fails as he
takes liz as a shield coward move but it's life or
death i can't really blame him for it frank saves
them once again and all of our characters flee
to the staircase where frank experiences a moral
dilemma i guess being a morally responsible dude
doesn't go well with the desire to kill someone
well that's his problem not mine he eventually
decides to assist our characters further which
is great what is not so great is that all of
them get caught and eventually get sold off
at an auction for rich people but let's go
back a little why not say tanya's apartment
frank could have easily overpowered lorraine and
held her as a captive until the purge ended which
wasn't too far away at this point i would have
certainly considered to stay there as the only
other option would have been to go out again and
you really want to avoid being out there however
we can see that when all of our characters make
for their escape the same death squad from before
is about to raid the place promising a sure
death if our protagonists were to stay there
let's move on though the next chapter is
fun although it doesn't start very well
all of our characters find themselves on a
stage with their hands cuffed behind their back
they get sold off to the highest bidder
subsequently all the hostages get released into
what looks like a transformed factory hall
it's almost completely dark and those who
bid highest seven people in this case hunt down
all the captives with weapons of their choice
since they also use night vision glasses they
are at clear advantage so i would like to ask
you right now if you yourself are stuck with
nothing but your clothes in a dark hall while
seven people hunt you down with military equipment
how would you get out of this situation if you can
come up with the creative idea share it with us
in the comments i think we can all agree that this
is a rather hopeless situation however the fact
that you're basically free of any restrictions
gives rise to the opportunity to influence
the obvious outcome here what i mean is this
you can use your legs freely and so your arms and
hands this is a typical flight or fight situation
so let's analyze the only chance i
see is to overpower one of the hunters
rob him or her of his weapon wear the night
vision glasses and take out the others
i know it's easier said than done and if you have
played a lot of paintball sure do it like frank
does if not here is my idea for those of you
who are more let's say a little less confident
team up with at least one other person position
yourself strategically and be quiet a great
strategic position would be near a light source
for instance near the window front where the
spectators are watching from if you get a chance
attack one of the hunters in tag team fashion this
is really the only chance here one must sacrifice
and is likely to die but once a weapon is secured
the chances rise from almost zero to actually
feasible now to lessen the chance of getting
killed you may consider using your clothes as
decoy or even as tools to attack if you normally
wear a belt you just won and if it's a gucci belt
then jesus christ you just gotta swing it like
sauron swung as flail and lord of the rings and
you smack those away so my conclusion is this if
you can trust the people around you plus you can
keep relatively calm there is a chance to survive
this scenario although you will need a good
portion of luck in the movie everyone gets saved
by the anti-nffa group however shane unfortunately
dies but then again he was chit-chatting in a
situation where you just shouldn't i mean shut
up and hold up your gun golden rules you remember
now in the final chapter frank drives off with
eva and callie for what reason they joined him
is mysterious to me but then again staying with
him or the anti-nffa squad doesn't make a big
difference this guy is a serious asset they arrive
at the targeted house and he enters to finally
kill the man who killed his son i have to mention
that i found it hilarious how he entered the house
there was like zero barrier he literally
just walked in it as if it was his house
but afterwards when he steps out again there's
like this full electronic high-tech door opening
it's like you can't have it both guys but then
again it seems like you can the rest of the movie
is history i thank you very much for watching if
you have any inputs leave them in your comments
it's great to have you here and
i'll see you guys in the next one